# BU-BF550-Final-Project
Zhou et al. of Correlation between Either Cupriavidus or Porphyromonas and Primary Pulmonary Tuberculosis Found by Analysing the Microbiota in Patients ’Bronchoalveolar Lavage Fluid set out to find links between the diversity (or lack thereof) of lung microbiota in cases of chronic pulmonary tuberculosis (TB). Applying concepts developed through the rise of systemic biology, it is suggested that cases of chronic infectious diseases often point towards a type of twisted equilibrium between the host microbiota and the pathogen, allowing said pathogen to remain. Zhou et al. wished to apply nucleotide sequencing in divulging the composition of the diseased lung microbiome, as it has been done previously with other areas (i.e., linking obesity to differing diversities in the intestinal microbiome). A sample of 32 patients presenting chronic TB were enrolled, with chest radiography being the most important selection factor; patients had to display cases featuring one normal lung and one diseased lung. Bronchoalveolar fluid was obtained from both sides as a marker for microbiota, with the normal sample being denoted as Group A and the diseased sample denoted as Group B. Further, 24 healthy patients were chosen as the control group, denoted as Group H. Zhou et al. went on to perform parallel pyrosequencing of bacterial 16s rDNA amplicons in the V3 region. Subsequent sequencing data was binned into FASTA files, aligned, and then used calculate the evenness and Shannon entropy indices. This is my attempt to reproduce and visualize their results.
